Enhancements to Solana's Documentations for Better Clarity (#34386)
solana-labs/solana: docs/src/getstarted/overview.md

Welcome to the Solana developer docs!

> This guide contains step-by-step instructions on how to get started. Before diving
> into the practical aspects of the guide, we'll cover basic concepts that all

Reviewer: I don't feel that "practical aspects" means the same thing as hands-on. How about adding a hyphen?
```suggestion
This guide contains step-by-step instructions on how to get started. Before
the hands-on part of the guide, we'll cover basic concepts that all
```

Reviewer: Thanks! Looks like someone rearranged all the docs under us 😅 I'll take it from here with the rebase.
